== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Write a Rails app that implements a leaderboard. The leaderboard associates entities with a unique name with a score.
It has the following API functions:

POST create(name, score)
Record the score for the named entity.
If the entity already has a leaderboard entry, update it with the new score
Return 200 on success.

GET show(name)
Return the score and rank for the user
Return 404 if the user is not found in the leaderboard

GET index(offset, number_of_entries)
Return up to number_of_entries records from the leaderboard, starting at offset.
If number_of_entries is not specified, default to 10.
Do not allow more than 100 records from being returned.
If offset is not specified, default to 0 (top of leaderboard).
Returns a JSON array or HTML table, with each element / row displaying the name, rank, and score.
Return 404 if the offset is out of range
Return Bad Request if the number of entries exceeded the maximum.

DELETE destroy(name) (DELETE)
Remove the named entry from the leaderboard.
Return 200 if successful, 404 if not found
Use a relational database for persistance
Limit use of 3rd party gems that would be required in a production environment. The goal is to see how you'd implement this app yourself without.  
The app should be readily scalable based on traffic and the number of entries.






Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
